Add Explicit resource management to Firefox 141 release notes (#40563)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/141/index.md

- The [`variants`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/Locale/variants) accessor property is now supported on {{jsxref("Intl.Locale")}} instances.
  This property returns the variants associated with a locale as a string of dash (`-`) separated identifiers.
  It offers a more robust way to get and set variant subtags of a language identifier as opposed to manually parsing or modifying a locale string ([Firefox bug 1970161](https://bugzil.la/1970161)).

> - Explicit resource management with {{jsxref("Statements/using", "using")}} and {{jsxref("Statements/await_using", "await using")}} declarations, the {{jsxref("DisposableStack")}} and {{jsxref("AsyncDisposableStack")}} objects, the {{jsxref("Symbol.dispose")}} and {{jsxref("Symbol.asyncDispose")}} methods is now supported. These features ensure automatic cleanup of resources like file handles or stream readers when they go out of scope, reducing leaks and simplifying error handling ([Firefox bug 1967744](https://bugzil.la/1967744)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The explicit resource management  API, which contains the {{jsxref("Statements/using", "using")}} and {{jsxref("Statements/await_using", "await using")}} declarations, the {{jsxref("DisposableStack")}} and {{jsxref("AsyncDisposableStack")}} objects, and the {{jsxref("Symbol.dispose")}} and {{jsxref("Symbol.asyncDispose")}} well-known symbols, is now supported. These features ensure automatic cleanup of resources like file handles or stream readers when they go out of scope, reducing leaks and simplifying error handling ([Firefox bug 1967744](https://bugzil.la/1967744)).
```

> - The explicit resource management API, which contains the {{jsxref("Statements/using", "using")}} and {{jsxref("Statements/await_using", "await using")}} declarations, the {{jsxref("DisposableStack")}}, {{jsxref("AsyncDisposableStack")}}, and {{jsxref("SuppressedError")}} objects, and the {{jsxref("Symbol.dispose")}} and {{jsxref("Symbol.asyncDispose")}} well-known symbols, is now supported. These features ensure automatic cleanup of resources like file handles or stream readers when they go out of scope, reducing leaks and simplifying error handling ([Firefox bug 1967744](https://bugzil.la/1967744)).

Author: “Going out of scope” is a specific situation in JS, not just a phrase, so that I would keep it. I like the other suggestions! Thanks.
